Feature/docs (#183)
maykinmedia/archiefvernietigingscomponent: doc/installation/configuration.rst

.. _configuration:

=============
Configuration
=============

Quickstart
==========

This is the minimal configuration and assumes you loaded in the default roles
described in the :ref:`default-roles`. You can also define your own roles as
described in the :ref:`more-configuration`.

Services
--------

> The record-management app must be connected to an instance of Open Zaak.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Archiefvernietigingscomponent must be connected to an instance of Open Zaak.
```
